Add overview of pages in Managing Jenkins chapter (#4773)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/managing/script-approval.adoc

  script" step.
* The plugin:job-dsl[JobDSL plugin] as of version 1.60 and later.

To protect Jenkins from execution of malicious scripts,
these plugins execute user-provided scripts in a <<groovy-sandbox>>
that limits the internal APIs that are accessible.
This protection is provided by the plugin:script-security[Script Security plugin].

> As soon as an unsafe method is used in any of the scripts,
> the "In-process Script Approval" action appears in *Manage Jenkins*
> to allow Administrators to make a decision about which unsafe methods,
> if any, should be allowed in the Jenkins environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As soon as an unsafe method is used in any of the scripts, the administrator can use
the "In-process Script Approval" action appears in *Manage Jenkins*
to allow the unsafe method.
Unsafe methods should not be enabled without careful consideration of the impact.
```
